# Portfolio

A portfolio website so I can go to college.

As of writing/starting this (February 4, 2023), I did not know how to use
[React](https://reactjs.org/), nor
[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), nor CSS, nor HTML. BUTT, I did
use them before for a little bit. I used JavaScript for writing Discord bots,
and HTML, CSS, and a shitty JavaScript-like language named Karel for a
fundementals of computing class in the 9th grade, which, by the way, is my one
and only programming-related class that I took. Unless you count a class that
takes place in a classroom full of computers, but you only occasionally use a
computer for coding shit with blocks, and you don't even know what you learned;
and you told the teacher, "Oooo. Mrs. [teacher's name] is cheating on her
husband with someone on the phone!" because she always starts twirling her hair
and twisting on one leg while leaning on the shelf that the phone is on like an
80-90s teen talking to her crush on a phone; and then a student is like "Why
would you say that, King?" and I agree. Why *did* I say that?

To be honest, I dislike fullstack web-development. I like backend development
better because frontend libraries are too abstracted. I hate how I don't know
how the libraries internally work. I mean, I can figure it out in a couple
seconds, and I do (I'm trying to flex by the way), but I still hate how it's
not in front of me. If you understand what I'm talking about, be my friend. I
also hate frontend development because of styling. I am a perfectionist when it
comes to styling, customizing, tweaking variables, et cetra. This is a gift and
a curse because I spend too much time trying to get a specific look on
something very insignificant rather than spending time doing the important
things.
